About the game : 

The game is an arcade game (inspired by ​ Jetpack Joyride​ ) where the player controls the object and move it up, forward and backward while collecting coins. The player should also dodge the obstacles/enemies as they have penalties.
Objective of the game is to maximize score by collecting coins. The player will level up when certain distance is attained and that will cause additional enemies to get unlocked, namely Boomerang and Viserion(the dragon :P) increasing the difficulty of the game.

Objects:

1. Player : The main character of the game, who can navigate through the world and has 10 lives initially. 

2. Wall

3. Platform

4. Coins : 2 types of coins (yellow:5 points and green:10 points)

5. Magnet

6. Special Flying Objects / Powerups : 2 types of powerups - red one for +2 lives, and a green one for +50 points!

7. Circular Ring / Tunnel : A semicircular tunnel like ring in which the player can get into and will be protected from all the enemies.

8. Enemies : 
	a. Fire Lines : Inclined at any angle to the horizontal.
	b. Fire Beams : 2 parallel horizontalfire beams appear and can move vertically up and down.
	c. Boomerang : Appears in Level-2. Moves in a horizontal-U shape and is deadly.
	d. Viserion-The Dragon(:-P)(BONUS ENEMY) : The unbeatable enemy! Throws deadly ice balls which can break the player's shield and consume his points.

9. Water Balloons : To extinguish fire beams and fire lines.

BONUS OBJECTS : 

10. Special Shield Powerup : A ring like object comes flying which when collected will activate the player's shield!

11. Shield : Will protect from enemies. Has a strength of 6 enemies.

12. JetFire : The player leaves the JetFire trail when it uses the jetpack to fly upwards!

13. Seven Segment Display Objects : Used to display - SCORE, LIVES, LEVEL.

14. An Object that says HI before the game :)

Physics Implemented : 

1. Gravity influenced movement of objects.

2. Horizontal-U movement of the boomerang.

3. Projectile nature of objects.

4. Magnet affects player's path of motion.

Controls :

-  A         : Move Left
-  D         : Move Right
-  SPACE / W : Move Up
-  S         : Move Down
-  LEFT-KEY  : Pan Left
-  RIGHT-KEY : Pan Right
-  UP-KEY    : Pan Up
-  DOWN-KEY  : Pan Down
-  K         : Throw water balloons
-  L         : Drop the shield
-  Mouse scroll-wheel : Zooming
